README FOR RSHELL IN RSHELL FOR CS100
Known bugs: 
	1. comment does not work for echo
 	2. cannot compile with tag "-Wall -Werror -asin -pedantic" -> will have a error called "ISO C++forbids     variable-szie array"
 	3. cannot take multiple commands with connecters such as || && or ;
 	4. finger user does not work, shows "no such file"
 	5. u name -a does not work, shows "no such file"
 	6. who am i works
 	7. branch works
 	8. opening, compiling and running a cpp file works
 	9. cannot cat README
 	10. can make a new file
 	11. can remove a file

README FOR LS IN LS FOR CS100
Known bugs:
    1. user defined path does not work
            -when pass in an user defined path, it shows syscall path error
    2. any flag that contains l, a, or R will work just fine as -l, -a, or -R is passed in
    3. the format of ls, ls -a is not organized
    4. the format of ls -l is messy
    5. the output is not alphabetical ordered
    6. if passed in any invalid flag, the program works just as normal ls
 
README FOR PIPING & INPUT/OUTPUT REDIRECTOR IN RSHELL FOR CS100
Known bugs:
	1. program pasued when entering more than 3 pipes
	2. if enter more than one input/output redirector, it got ignore or read as command
	3. input redirector has issue, it only works for the first few times
	4. output files does not have any content
	5. when pass in a string to echo with in pipe, the quotation mark is being read as part of the stirng
	6. when outputing the result of the command, for the first few times, the output appears after the next time the program prompt the user to input commands 

README FOR SIGNAL IN RSHELL FOR CS100
Changes:
	1. Implemented execv to replace execvp
	2. Implemented cd that can take in command "cd __(destination directory)__" and change the current directory
	3. Implemented ^C that does not exit the rshell, but rather interrupt current foreground
	4. Implemented ^Z that put rshell in background and will bring back rshell if "fg" is entered

Known bugs:
	1. cd cannot take in more than one destination
	2. bg for extra credit does not work exactly like the way it suppose to be
	3. connector or pipes do not work in this assignment, but single command works fine with execv
	4. for ^C, if it is being entered when rshell is prompting an input, press ENTER agina for rshell to prompt input again
